PRIVACY NOTICE


Last updated November 01, 2021


Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at RSAD ("Company," "we," "us," or "our"). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you
have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us at ahmad.ali.almosallam@gmail.com.
This privacy notice describes how we might use your information if you:
Download and use our mobile application — RSAD
• Engage with us in other related ways — including any sales, marketing, or events
In this privacy notice, if we refer to
• "App," we are referring to any application of ours that references or links to this policy, including any listed above
"Services," we are referring to our App, and other related services, including any sales, marketing, or events
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. If there are any
terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.
Please read this privacy notice carefully, as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
10. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?


1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in
activities on the App or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the App, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal
information we collect may include the following:
Personal Information Provided by You. We collect location, and other similar information.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.

Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our App.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the App. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may
include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country,
location, information about how and when you use our App and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, and for
our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
The information we collect includes:
• Device Data. We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet or other device you use to access the App. Depending on the device used, this device
data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model Internet service
provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system and system configuration information.
• Location Data. We collect location data such as information about your device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends on
the type and settings of the device you use to access the App. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location
(based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on your
device. Note however, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.


Information collected through our App
In Short: We collect information regarding your geolocation, mobile device, when you use our App.
If you use our App, we also collect the following information:
. Geolocation Information. We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our App,
to provide certain location-based services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
• Mobile Device Data. We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system
configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet
Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our App, we may also collect information about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device's
operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device's unique device ID and information about the features of our App you accessed.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, for troubleshooting and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.


2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your
consent.
We use personal information collected via our App for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our
legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing
grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
For other business purposes. We may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our
promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our App, products, marketing and your experience. We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized
form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information.

3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
. Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
· Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
- Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
· Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding,
court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements).
• Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected
fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
· Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or
a portion of our business to another company.
. Google Maps Platform APIs. We may share your information with certain Google Maps Platform APIs (e.g., Google Maps API, Place API). To find out more about Google's
Privacy Policy, please refer to this link.


4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how
you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice.


5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law
(such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us to keep your personal information for longer than 90 days.

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information or, if this is not possible (for example,
because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is
Pes

6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?

In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.

Pe ee en Rete Ue On ce eR ee hee ee
‘safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot

promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your

information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, the transmission of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk. You should only access the
et ee

7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.

We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the App, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a
minor and consent to such minor dependent's use of the App. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account
and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at
